Adding Melissa to Ways of Working (#3295)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: ways_of_working.md

|  Batool Almarzouq <br>([BatoolMM](https://github.com/BatoolMM)) | Postdoctoral Researcher, KAIMRC and Honorary Research Fellow, The University of Liverpool  | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2020 - Present | - |

> | Alejandro Coca Castro <br>([acocac](https://github.com/acocac)) | Postdoctoral Research Associate, The Alan Turing Institute | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2021 - Present | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Alejandro Coca Castro <br>([acocac](https://github.com/acocac)) | Research Fellow, The Alan Turing Institute | in-kind contribution, Environmental Data Science book Co-Lead | 2021 - Present | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead, 2021 - May 2023 (in-kind) |
```

| Andrea Sánchez-Tapia <br>([AndreaSanchezTapia](https://github.com/AndreaSanchezTapia)) | Independent researcher | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2021 - Present | - |

> | Melissa Black <br>([melibleq](https://github.com/melibleq)) | Infrastructure and Impact Measurement Manager at Metadocencia | The Turing Way Translation and Localisation Co-Lead | 2023 - Present | - |

Reviewer: Welcome Melissa (:

Reviewer 2: Thank you so much, @BatoolMM, @acocac and @aleesteele! :)!
